2:40 AM

Last night I ran 4 Gas Phase MD jobs simultaneously on the computer called
Howard at work.  I'll find other computers that aren't likely to be used
right now and run jobs there, too.  

Last night I also made three more poses for the lavandulyl acetate in the
6lu7 binding pocket.  

Notes to self:
	* Fix the ChemDraw lack of numbering BEFORE making any new poses
	* Install the NVIDIA drivers on Howard so you can use the GPUs

My laptop CPUs are faster than any of the ones at work, but I need to use
my laptop...  Plus it sometimes shuts off on me for no obvious reason.

Tonight, I've started 8 Gas Phase jobs designed to run for 20 ns each, so
the total sampled time will be 160 ns, all sampling independent space via
the ig=-1 directive (I think).  That should take a little under 6 days...

Next up, I'll take a look at the runs from last night to be sure they seem
to be doing reasonable things.

...did that.

All four of the 1 ns runs from last night show the ligand staying put in the
binding site.  But, 1 ns isn't enough.  Neither is 4 ns.  And, a couple look
like the ligand might be trying to escape near the end.  So, we'll have to
see how it goes.  

I also need to do simulations in water.  Those will take even longer, but
they can be run on GPU, which will improve things a lot.

So many things to do at once.

The list at the moment, in no particular order:

  * Crank up the Windows VM so that I can save coordinates from the
    new poses I generated.  

  * Fix the lav-ace in the recent poses to have atom numbers and then 
    generate the prmtop and inpcrd files that are needed.

  * Write the code to solvate the systems and to run solvated simulations.

  * Install AMBER 18 on 2 or 3 other machines in the lab.
    For those with GPUs, this might mean updating NVIDIA drivers.

  * Install OpenMPI in our website's Development Environment's Slurm
    stack.  I realized it was missing when I tried to run sander.MPI from
    within a Docker container made from the image.

  * Install NVIDIA drivers on Howard so I can use the GPUs there.

  * Make a big list of compounds to consider for binding other than the
    lavandulyl acetate and eucalyptol already in the works. 

I think the first thing I'll do is commit these first simulation results 
and this documentation.

Next, I'll start installing AMBER.  While that goes, I'll work on saving
the coordinates via the Windows VM's Nanome.

