6:54 AM

I've been making the minimization input files be what I want for the
last hour or so.  Also eating dinner.  The first runs I did used a
very simple minimization strategy, mostly because I was impatient to
see some sort of result but had forgotten entirely how to generate 
a GROUP specification.

Next, I got three minimizations set up and tested them by running
them.  I visualized their trajectories, and they look ok.

Now, I need to decide on an organizational strategy for the runs I
plan to do.  There will be many.  

I could try to get a job running while I do that, but experience 
teaches me that I'll just end up throwing it away because I'm trying
to focus on too much at once. 

7:49 AM

I'm potentially going to have multiple poses for each ligand.  I
will probably have most ligands be placed in the binding sites of
at least two of the proteins.  

ASIDE:  I seriously need to spend time getting to know the binding
sites.  That's a great thing to do while I get the initial set of
simulations running. 

Back to organization:  For each pose of the ligand, I will want to 
do multiple runs.  

So...

MD parent directory/
   ---- protein 1
        pdb and similar files for the protein
        MASKS.txt ## for this protein
        run control files (minX.in, md.in)
        ---- ligand 1
             prep files and such that apply to all poses
             ---- pose 1    
                  initial structures - pdb, rst, parm
                  r1_min1.rst7  ## replica 1
                  ...
                  rN_min1.rst7  ## replica N
             ...
             ---- pose N
        ...
        ---- ligand N
   ...
   ---- protein N
        ...  ## etc....

I will leave the very first simulation, which I showed to 
everyone, in the top directory (the md part only), but I 
will reorganize all other files.


11:47 PM

First, I need to figure out how to write the sripts so that
they will be automated.  I think I will require that the scripts
relevant to MD must be called from the 7_MD directory at the
top level.  I will try to keep this procedure consistent across
the repository in any places where consistency isn't annoying.

