2:24 AM

I started working a couple hours ago, but I was mostly doing reading.

My goal tonight is to figure out a good work flow for getting the files
output from Nanome into shape for simulations.

I might need to nap a little.  Some nights I sleep a little at night;
some nights I don't. 

The plan:

1.  Figure out a three letter code that is unassigned as a residue name
    in the wwPDB.  Based on the results, choose a residue name for the
    molecules that get put into the binding site.

2.  Use that name as the key to grep the Nanome pdb file contents into
    two separate files, one for the protein and one for the ligand.

3.  Use antechamber to assign atom types and partial charges to the 
    atoms in the ligand and then to write out a prep file containing
    that information.

4.  Figure out some efficient way to automatically generate a leap input
    file to use.  Then write a script to do that and run leap.

5.  Craft a series of minimization files.  

    These are all in the gas phase with a dielectric of 80 (water-ish).
    I'm choosing the water-ish dielectric based on the notion that the
    virus particles are likely to be in droplets.  I'll try putting them
    in explicit waters a little later.  For now, things are quick and 
    dirty, just to be a little faster.

    Run all of these in sets of 5.  Note that sander's minimization is
    non-deterministic, so each run will be different, even starting from
    the same initial coordinates. 

    First, find all the residues that are very close, say 5 A, to the ligand.
    Call these 'closest'.  Then, find all the ones that are between, say,
    5 A and 10 A.  Call them 'near'.  Group the remaining residues into 
    a category called 'far'.  

    1.  Hold everything in 'near' and 'far' still.  Put a restraint on the
        backbone for the residues in 'closest'.  Hold the ligand still as well.

        Gently minimize.  

        This allows the side-chains to relax around the ligand which makes
        them less likely to spit it out of the binding site.

    2.  Release the hold on the ligand (only) and minimize again.  Keep the 
        side-chains unrestrained.

        If the ligand pops out of the binding site, then try another pose 
        or 3 after trying to figure out what caused the problem.

        If it continues to pop out, give up and move on.

        ....sure, it might be that the backbone needed to move, but for
        now, just move along.

    3.  If the ligand has stayed put, release the backbone in the closest 
        region and release the side-chains in the near region.  Keep the 
        far region restrained at all times. 

6.  For any minimization that works, generate input files for a brief MD
    simulation in gas phase (dielectric=80 still).  

The execution:

1.  Z01 and Z0Z  (zee-zero-one and zee-zero-zee) both are not used as of today.
    Gonna use Z0Z.  

2.  I wrote a script to do this.  I tested it on the already-generated files.
    They used AAA and ZZZ as their ligand residue names.  I changed the names
    to Z0Z manually in the ligand files after the grep. 

    Example use:

    bash ../0_Scripts/grep_file_parts.bash \
         6lu7_aligned_to_D-6yb7_binding-region+Eucalyptol.pdb  \
         ../7_MD_Input_Files/lav-ace-6lu7

    This will generate output files starting with "../7_MD_Input_Files/lav-ace-6lu7".

3.  I wrote a script to do this.  I'm using the AM1-BCC charge calculation method
    because these are pretty standard organic compounds and should not require much
    in the way of exotic methods to get reasonable charges.  At least, I hope not.

    Example use:

    bash ../0_Scripts/use_antechamber.bash lav-ace-6lu7

    This should be run from inside the MD_Input_Files directory.
         

[3:39 AM - break]

8:36 AM

4.  First write a tleap script at all...  

    I have updated info above to reflect notes below.

    *   The filenames are unwieldy.  They need to be made saner in the Bound Coords dir. 

    *   Antechamber doesn't play nicely with atoms that have the same name.  I will
        need to add numbers to the atom names.  I'll probably just do this by hand 
        because writing a script will probably take longer.

        This issue is being introduced by ChemDraw.  Ideally, I should add numbers 
        when I generate the pdb file from the mol2 file. 

        So.... I will do that going forward.  These first two files - eucalyptol
        and lavandulyl acetate - will have be left as-is, and I'll only change the
        numbering in the Bound Coords that were grepped out. 

10 AM Group meeting    

Note to self - check for cations in binding sites.  LYS not considered to form these.
Arginine is more likely.  His is neutral unless acidic.  (this inspired by discussion
in group meeting though my brain says the info is familiar from before)



